#summary One-sentence summary of this page.
#labels Phase-Requirements

= Introduction =

GoenSheet is A Simple Spreadsheet developed in Java and uses Swing for it's UI, this is very simple spreadsheet. Using JTable component to create a simple spreadsheet. Easy to load,save,print data and create Chart.
GoenSheet also uses a of a number of free software libraries, including: 
  *  [http://www.jfree.org/jfreechart/ JFreeChart]
  *  [http://nsis.sourceforge.net/ NSIS Installer]
  
= Release Notes =
  *  Create,save,load and print spreatsheet file.
  *  Cut,Copy and Paste from selection cell to cell. 
  *  Delete and Insert Row
  *  Export to CSV Formated file
  *  Create Chart for your data
  *  Change font name,font size, background or foreground color 
  *  Configure your setup and save it
  *  Easy to use,learn and very small 

= Tutorials & User Guide = 
Guide to use [http://javageo.com/ebook/GoenSheetChart.pdf GoenSheet Ebook]

= Getting the Source Code =

Source code for GoenSheet releases can be obtained from the downloads page. The latest source code can be obtained from the trunk of GoenSheet's SVN [http://code.google.com/p/goensheet/source/checkout repository]. 

= Compile and Build JAR's =
Compile GoenSheet.java and make a jar of the class files, run:

    > CreateJar 
Making Installer just run
    > goensheet.nsis

= Nice to have = 
  * Create many type of chart using JFreeChart
  * Create report using JFreeReport or JasperReport
  * Create Database Connection to Import data from database 
  * ehmm what next?

= Bugs Fixed = 
  * Update 15/10/08 - Create XY and Bar Chart by using JFreeChart

= Official Web Site =
Look at [http://javageo.com javageo]